Good.
That's nice.
I'd like a wide shot.
Straighten up a little.
Smile from the corner of your lips.
Good.
It's raining.
Let's get inside.
Mom!
What's the matter?
Can I play
with my friends over there?
Hmm?
Oh.
It's starting to rain now.
Alright.
Thank you!
Yes!
Come here!
Hurry up!
Let's play!
Ones-and-twos!
You're it!
Go there and close your eyes.
One, two, three,
four, five, six,
seven, eight, nine,
ten, eleven, twelve,
thirteen, fourteen,
fifteen, sixteen...
I searched everywhere
but I couldn't find her.
Calm down.
I'll help you look again.
Help!
Help me!
Help! Please open the door!
Where are you?
Rin?
Is this the place?
Mmm.
- Mom.
- Oh?
- Hello.
Come in.
- Have you eaten?
- Not yet.
Aw, you're being affectionate.
Come on, I just made breakfast.
Hey!
Why are you here?
If you're here,
then I can be here too.
I'm sorry, Mai.
I couldn't get in touch with Rin.
Really?
Isn't Rin here?
Mmm. Tan's not here either.
I couldn't get a hold of him either.
Are they together?
Huh?
They're together?
Adam, track Rin's coordinates
from her phone.
I need her location.
Yes, now! Are you crazy?
What?
Mmm! This smells nice.
They're going to like it.
- Mom.
- Hmm?
Is this really mine?
Of course it is.
Oh, you're a designer now.
You can't wear clothes
like these anymore?
It's not like that.
You're being affectionate again.
Come on, sit.
Whoa! Basil omelet!
There! Wait a moment.
Where's your hero?
- Hero?
- Mmm.
Oh, you mean Tanthai?
Mmm. Go and fetch him.
He'll come down soon.
There he is.
Wait for him first.
Sorry to bother you.
Come. Sit here.
You're being awkward.
Do these clothes feel strange?
A little.
I've cooked up a storm.
Do you like it?
They're Rarin's favorites.
It's a basil omelet.
Here. Try it. It's really good.
Why aren't you serving me?
You're an adult now.
You can do it yourself.
You're being strange.
What are you snickering about?
I'm not snickering.
I'm laughing in your face.
You two drove all the way here
to see me.
Is something the matter?
- Oh.
- Umm...
Are you getting married?
- No, Mom!
- No.
I'm joking!
Uhh...
- I'm...
- You're pregnant?
- No, Mom!
- No.
I'm joking!
Mom!
What?
Oh, I know.
Or maybe
you wanted to introduce
your boyfriend to me?
Uhh...
It's not like that.
Here you go.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
Huh? Are you sure?
Well done, Adam.
You'll be handsomely rewarded.
Okay.
I know where Rarin is now.
She went to her mom's place
in Khao Yai,
with your little cousin too.
Then let's go find them.
Huh? You're coming too?
Of course.
To look for Tan.
There's still a lot of work.
Alright.
Call Adam again.
Calling Adam.
Adam, one luxury car in front
of Rarin's studio right now.
What did you say?
Hey! You can't do that!
It's embarrassing!
Adam? Adam? Adam?
What's wrong?
There's a bit of a problem.
It's my dad.
He always confiscates my stuff
when we argue.
The holiday house, the condo,
and now the car.
Then how did you get here?
Taxi.
Why are you laughing?
Are you bullying me?
You're adorable.
We can use my car.
Mmm.
Sorry to bother you.
But I'm warning you now,
that my car...
Hey.
What?
What now? It's old, the AC's not
working, and it's so slow.
And what now?
I warned you.
Quit complaining already.
I wasn't complaining that much.
Whoa.
Alright. What's wrong with it?
You know how to fix it?
So what's wrong?
She's just tired.
- Tired?
- Mmm.
Cloudy, hang in there.
Just a little further.
This piece of scrap metal
is called Cloudy?
Piece of scrap metal?
Her name is Cloudy.
- Cloudy?
- Right.
Come on.
That's it.
Yeesh!
- That's all?
- Mmm!
Come on. Get in the car.
What kind of car is this?
Is your foot on the gas?
It is.
Ahem.
Oh?
Mom.
When did you get here?
A while ago.
I saw you happily
washing the dishes,
so I didn't want to interrupt.
Come on, Mom.
You're having a field day
teasing me.
Have a seat.
You never helped me do the dishes
when you were younger.
Dad always scolded you.
You were always playing dress-up
with your friends.
That's why I grew up
to be so beautiful.
I think you take after me.
Oh, now you're taking the credit?
Look at you! The nose and chin
are from me.
You can't deny that.
Do you have anything to tell me?
Hmm?
Mmm.
Well,
I want to rest.
Mmm.
And I don't know what to choose
or who to listen
so that it's the best thing
to do for now.
Sometimes
we don't need to do our best
for someone else.
I believe
the best you can do for now
is to listen to your own heart.
Hmm?
Okay.
Are you happier now?
Mmm.
Excuse me,
where is Kati's food?
Kati!
I'll be right back.
- Kati!
- Oh?
Wow.
- He's hungry.
- You prefer the cat to me now?
- Where have you been?
Where did you find him?
Next door.
Here.
Mom cut it up for you.
Thank you.
Your mom is so kind,
unlike her daughter.
What?
Her daughter
is both talented and cute.
You're acting strange,
being sweet and all.
You don't like it?
I think
from now on,
we should tell each other
exactly what we're thinking.
We can hear each other
through the rain anyway.
Hmm.
Well, for some things,
it's embarrassing
to say it out loud.
Embarrassing?
What's an embarrassing thought
for you then?
Is it something dirty?
Jerk.
Who's going to think
about such things?
What are you thinking about now?
About the future.
What about it?
Hmm.
Well,
the future
of me still being a designer.
And I will make my brand
known internationally.
I want to see people happy
wearing my clothes.
What about you?
What are you thinking?
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about how
I want to spend my life with you
in a small house
and have a lovely kid with you.
And if Rung could
see us happy together,
it would be nice.
Mmm.
Can I ask something about Rung?
Uhh...
So what actually caused
her vegetative state?
But
if you don't feel like
talking about it,
you don't have to.
Rung overdosed on sleeping pills.
I guess she must've had something
stressful on her mind.
But she wouldn't tell anyone.
What if Rung...
It's been three years already.
I've pretty much accepted it.
But now,
we should get on with my plan.
What plan?
The plan to have
a lovely kid together.
Hey! Wait!
Wait!
Ugh!
I'm going!
Mmm!
Bye!
Rin!
- Bye!
- You don't want kids?
There.
Oh,
those two lovebirds flew here.
- They're going to get it.
- Are you crazy?
You said it yourself that
they're at Rarin's mom's place.
That's true.
Excuse me, is there a mechanic...
For rest, it's 500 baht.
For stay, it's 1,500 baht.
- Huh?
- We're staying overnight.
Hold on. Aren't we looking
for a mechanic?
What mechanic? It's late already.
Look at the car. What if it
breaks down on the way.
Let's stay here.
Okay.
Two rooms, please.
- We only have one single room left.
- What?
Okay. It's 1,500 then?
No need.
Do you accept credit cards?
Don't even bother. Your dad's
probably canceled all of them.
It feels like
you're badmouthing him.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
They're staying overnight.
Turn right. it's at
the end of the way.
- The end of the way?
- That's right.
There aren't any other rooms?
Hey! Stop making such a fuss.
You're acting as if
we've never slept together.
Stop smirking
or I'll smack you in the head.
Get in the car.
Oh, Rin?
Can I come in?
Sure.
And
can I sleep here?
I didn't expect you to go along
with my plan so soon.
Wait, wait, wait.
Please, come in.
Hey.
Go and sleep in the bed.
Why did you take off your top?
I'm not going to.
Alright.
I'll sleep here.
You go and sleep on the bed.
You might sprain your neck.
Promise me you won't
do anything to me.
Who do you think I am?
I won't do anything.
Who knows? Last time,
before I knew it, you were like...
already.
Okay, okay. I promise.
Let's go to bed.
You can go ahead.
Go!
What's up with you?
I'm turning off the lights.
Hold on!
What's wrong?
It's dark.
You're acting childishly.
Get in.
Mmm.
Don't do anything to me.
Mai.
Hmm?
This is kind of fun actually.
The love hotel?
What?
I mean being out on an adventure.
Oh.
My usual lifestyle
is simple, without any obstacles.
But today,
it's been bumpy since morning.
The car was hot. You're bad at
driving. Now we're at a love hotel.
It adds a nice flavor to life.
Wow, the flavor of life.
Easy for you to say. You were born
with a silver spoon in your mouth.
If you say this to other people,
they're going to hate you.
I didn't mean for it
to sound like that.
I'm actually jealous of you.
I've always been forced
to do everything in life.
I always have to ask Dad
about anything I do.
I always have to think
about the business.
I never get to live life freely.
If possible,
I'd like to live my life
the way I want
and go out in the world
on an adventure.
Alright. Then hurry up
and go to sleep
so you can go on
with your adventure.
Mmm. Are you sleeping?
Mai?
That night really wasn't
a big deal to you?
Help!
Help me!
Where are you?
I'm here! Help me!
I'm in a really small room!
Don't be afraid.
I'm coming to help you.
Keep talking.
Can you hear my voice?
That's right. I can hear you.
Don't be afraid. I'm heading over.
I was playing hide-and-seek
and hid here.
No one's found me yet.
I'm going to find you.
Oh, Rarin?
Come here. Let's go.
How are you feeling?
Are you okay?
Help! Help!
Rin?
It's me.
I dreamed of the first day we met.
But you weren't there.
I'm right here.
It's okay, Rin.
Calm down.
I think you've been stressed lately.
So it is affecting your dreams too.
You're having nightmares.
It might get better over time.
I'm afraid I might disappear.
I remember when I was younger,
I saw
a group of kids
playing hide-and-seek.
Among them, there was a girl.
She was very cute.
I instantly fell in love with her.
But later, she disappeared.
No one's ever found her.
I don't know
if it's fate or just the rain
that enabled me to hear her voice
and find her.
And now,
that girl is in front of me,
right here with me.
I've found you once.
From now on, no matter
where you disappear to,
I'll always find you.
What if I'm not the person
you think I am?
Will you still love me?
I will.
Tan,
don't answer so quickly.
No matter what happens,
I will always love you.
Ah!
What's the racket?
It's 9 a.m.
I'm going to take a shower.
What's up with her?
She can't be trusted.
Honey.
Porsche,
let's go.
Alright.
Why did the check-up take so long?
I'm hungry.
You're hungry?
You sound like a child.
- Let's go.
- Alright.
What?
Huh?
Where's the ring?
What ring?
The ring I used to propose to Rin.
It's not here!
Where did it go?
Did I drop it somewhere?
This one?
Yes, thanks so much.
Honestly, why haven't you
moved on from Rin?
Why would I do that? Give it to me.
You know
that she chose Tan.
It's hopeless for you.
Why would you go there
and make them uncomfortable?
Isn't that selfish?
What are you talking about?
You wouldn't understand.
You don't even know love.
I might not understand you
but I know when you should stop.
You have no right
to lecture me about that.
I can make my own decisions.
Hey? Where are you going?
- Porsche!
- Leave me alone!
Porsche!
Rich kid! Come back here!
Really!
How is it? Are you going back today?
That's right.
I'm taking Tan out
for a bicycle ride.
We'll go back after that.
Oh.
- Rarin.
- Hmm?
Can you still hear a voice
every time it rains?
You know about
the voice in the rain?
Of course, I know.
I can hear it too.
And
the voice you hear
is Dad's, right?
Sometimes love is too complicated
for a human being
to understand it all.
Actually, I believed
that the man whose voice I heard
was the person I should marry.
But in the end,
I chose to marry your dad.
After that,
that man's voice
just completely disappeared.
Don't tell me
that the voice you hear
is Tanthai's.
Yes.
It's his.
I just want to tell you that
no matter how special the power is,
don't rely on it too much.
Okay.
If you love him,
just listen to your heart.
Okay. You should go now.
Tanthai's waiting for you.
Do you want a ride?
Hey. I'm sorry.
I said that
because I'm worried about you.
But if you insist on going,
I won't stop you. Okay?
Buckle up and help me
with the directions.
At the sign, go south.
- Which way is south?
- Left, maybe?
- Right... right
- What?
- and go straight or... go right.
- Okay, right.
- Go northeast.
- Huh?
That way! That way!
It's the same way.
Go straight.
- What way is this?
- It's the wrong way!
Hey!
What kind of braking is that?
What kind of map-reading is that?
I've never done it before!
I'm sorry.
I won't do it again.
Go straight for 200 meters.
Turn left.
Right.
Rin will probably be back in Bangkok
by the time we get there.
I tried my best.
I know you did.
But for some things,
shouldn't you just stop?
I thought you were not going
to stop me from finding Rin.
I'm not.
I'm just wondering
if you really love her.
What do you mean by that?
When you said that
I don't understand love,
I admit it. You're right.
But at least I know that true love
means you should want
the person you love to be happy.
If you really love Rin,
you should let her go.
Let her do what her heart desires
and not pull her back.
I love Rin.
I really do.
I love her.
Do you hear me? I love her.
Porsche! Where are you going?
Porsche!
- Where are you going?
- I'm going to keep going.
Are you feeling okay now?
Let's go.
To where?
Home.
How is it?
Is the atmosphere nice here?
I like it.
I think
I'm ready to go back and work.
I took a day off from work.
The staff must be worried sick.
I also skipped work.
I'm going to get scolded
until my ears bleed.
Let's go back
and accept our punishment.
Mmm.
That's good.
I need to discuss something
about your schedule too.
I'd like you to walk the runway
for my brand
at BFW.
BF what now?
Bangkok Fashion Week.
Oh.
I think Rung mentioned it once.
If we collaborate,
then it's like we're living
Rung's dream as well.
Mmm.
I'll do my best
for you
and Rung.
If she heard this,
she would be so happy.
Porsche got kicked out of the house.
So I let him stay here.
Mai, this is my house.
Mai, who's the woman upstairs?
She said she's thirsty.
This is Rarin, my girlfriend.
You have a girlfriend?
You're a designer as well?
I don't really remember
what kind of designer I was.
Hasn't your memory returned?